You've reviewed the diffs and run the checks. One run is clearly best. Now you make it the winner and merge.
Select the run whose diff is right and whose checks pass, and merge. But Asylum's merge is deliberately careful — it won't let you land broken or conflicting work by accident. Watch the guards fire in order.
One: failed-check blocking. If the run's checks failed, the merge is simply blocked. The arbiter is the checks, not your gut.
Two: dirty-base protection. It verifies the base worktree is clean before it touches it, so it never merges onto uncommitted changes.
Three: a conflict preflight. It runs a non-destructive check for merge conflicts first — so a conflict gets reported, not left half-applied in your tree.
Four: explicit confirmation. It asks you to confirm before it merges the run's branch back to the base branch. Nothing merges behind your back.
Confirm, and the winning branch merges into base.
Then cleanup. Asylum removes the clean, finished worktrees but keeps their branches — so your workspace stays tidy and no work is ever lost.
And the task's status moves to merged. That's the full loop closed — one prompt, several attempts, the best one landed safely.
There's a second way to land a winner. Instead of merging locally, you can open a pull request from the winning run's branch.
That opens the change on GitHub for review and CI — best for team work or anything that needs a second pair of eyes. Same starting point: a selected run whose diff is right and whose checks pass. We'll do that in the integrations episode.
Local merge for speed, a PR for review. Either way, the guards and the checks keep you honest.
Next: layouts — racing a whole set of agents in one gesture.